Update security.mdx (#1559)
meshtastic/meshtastic: docs/configuration/radio/security.mdx

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Security Keys - Backup and Restore

 ### Backup

 Backing up your security keys (private and public) are vital to the long term sustainability of your node on the mesh. Once your node is on the mesh with a set of security keys, it is your responsibility to ensure these keys are maintained.

 These keys can be saved in a multitude of different ways and should be stored securely.

 Available ways to save these keys

>  1. `meshtastic --export-config > config_backup.yaml` - this is the perferred way to backup configuration, it ensures the keys are saved intact

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 1. With the [Meshtastic CLI](/docs/software/python/cli/), run: `meshtastic --export-config > config_backup.yaml` - this will save your entire configuration including your public and private keys to a file.
```

>  2. Copy the keys to a secure location, like a password protected note - this is a nice persistent way to save them 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 2. Copy the keys to a secure location, such as a password protected note.
```

 3. Take a screenshot - the most basic way, you must ensure you saved the entire key

 ### Restore

>  If you've backed up your keys and performed an action that necessitates a key wipe, a new set of keys will be created. This is most common through the Web Flasher > Full Erase and Install.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>  After booting your node, you will want to leverage one of these methods to restore your keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To restore your keys you may:
```

>  1. `meshtastic --config config_backup.yaml` - This is the fastest way to get your entire node back to where you left it!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 1. Use the Meshtastic CLI to run `meshtastic --config config_backup.yaml` - This is the fastest way to get your entire node back to where you left it!
```

>  2. Manually retype the keys into the iOS / Android app from your saved locations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 2. Manually paste or retype the keys into the client app from your saved locations.
```
